my name's Evelyn hiegel I'm from Ann Lee
Iowa we've been coming down here most of
the Tuesdays this year and we go to i-35
and we go over to brick beautiful out
tonight and they did get it watered down
now so it shouldn't be quite so dusty
well when we got here it looked a little
dry but now they had to sprinkle some
water on it so we're just kind of
waiting for it soak in and then we're
gonna go out pack it in a little bit hot
lap this year or we're just running
specials no weekly stuff like two years
ago I used to run about sixty nights a
year and where it aimed it down to about
40 45 nights hope I do good
so we put them on the grinder doesn't
have all that mud the grinder training
meal we wouldn't had to if they won the
water the track that's pretty dry out
there
we just took a chance on the bottom
being a little tacky yet and hopefully
that the cushion would go away and it
worked we set her car up for that and we
went with it and got a good jump good
start a good starting spot and we were
able just to hold everybody off well
kind of the bad side had made it a
one-one groove track so you had to have
the track position to begin with to
probably win but that's what happens
when you got a draw
redraw let's be our fourth year I was a
champion at Independence Motor Speedway
last year we'll race Friday night at
Cresco and Saturday night at Coral
weekly